Suggested README improvements (#19)
torchbox/wagtail-news-template: README.md

## Getting Started

1. **Check that you have an appropriate version of Python 3**  You want to make sure that you have a [compatible version](https://docs.wagtail.org/en/stable/releases/upgrading.html#compatible-django-python-versions) installed:

    ```sh
    python --version
    # Or:
    python3 --version
    # **On Windows** (cmd.exe, with the Python Launcher for Windows):
    py --version
    ```

2. **Create a Virtual Environment**: Set up a virtual environment to isolate your project dependencies. These instructions are for GNU/Linux or MacOS, but there are [other operating systems in the Wagtail docs](https://docs.wagtail.org/en/stable/getting_started/tutorial.html#create-and-activate-a-virtual-environment).

    ```bash
    python -m venv myproject/env
    source myproject/env/bin/activate
    ```

4. **Navigate to Project Directory**: Move into the newly created project directory.

    ```bash
    cd myproject
    ```

5. **Install Wagtail**: Install the Wagtail CMS package using pip.

    ```bash
    pip install wagtail
    ```

> 6. **Initialize Project**: Use the Django `startproject` command to create a new project based on the Wagtail Starter Kit template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **Initialize Project**: Use the `wagtail start` command to create a new project based on the Wagtail Starter Kit template.
```

Author: Looks good to me!

    ```bash
    wagtail start --template=https://github.com/torchbox/wagtail-news-template/archive/refs/heads/main.zip myproject .
    ```

7. **Install Project Dependencies**: Install the project's dependencies into a virtual environment.

    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

All commands from now on should be run from inside the virtual environment.

> 7. **Load Dummy Data**: Load in some dummy data to populate the site with some content.

Reviewer: Nit: "7" is duplicated here - should be 8.

Author: Great catch. Thank you!
